Huracan Evo RWD
The model is a RWD, paired back version of the car that looks to be possibly the best version for the true drivers out there. The model is powered by a 5.2-liter V10 but it’s been detuned. It produces 610 hp and 413 lb-ft of torque. New for the 2020 model year, this is the sweet spot in the Lamborghini range. A fan favorite for sure.

Aventador S
The entry level Aventador is now known as the Aventador S. It still has a mid-engined naturally aspirated 6.5 liter V12 engine with 730 horsepower and 509 lb/ft of torque. It still has a unique seven-speed automated-manual transmission and all-wheel drive. The formula is unchanged – crazy looks, lots of noise, insane power and drama. The big updates to the platform for S were the new AWD system, new control unit for active systems. The result is a livelier and more fun car to drive than the original Aventador.

Aventador S Roadster
It is hard to objectively justify the $467k price of the Aventador S Roadster. The infotainment system feels like it is a decade old, the gearbox is clunky and horrible and the ergonomics make it impossible to drive. And yet, this isn’t a car to be objective about. This is a fire breathing roadster supercar with 730hp from a naturally aspirated V12 that has tons of drama and excitement about it whether it is parked or doing 200+mph. Top down doing 200 mph never sounded like more fun than in an Aventador S Roadster.

Lamborghini Urus
The first *modern* Lamborghini SUV and one hell of an SUV. The Urus looks aggressive and has the right level of Lambo styling without going overboard. The Urus is power by a 4.0 liter twin-turbo V8 that is good for 641 horsepower and 627 lb/ft of torque. Performance is astonishing for a big SUV, with 0-60 mph over in 3.2 seconds and a top speed of 190 mph. The Urus drives better than any other SUV and is definitely the performance pick in that segment. On the inside the Urus has decent luggage space and more electronics and infotainment equipment.

Huracan Evo
The Huracán EVO is the mid-life update for the Huracan platform. Lamborghini did lots of fine tuning, tweaking and improving to make the already great Huracan better. On the outside the Evo gets design changes that add some drama to the Huracan. On the inside the Evo has a new state-of-the-art control system and innovative touch screen easily manage the car’s functions and entertainment system. The V10 now produces 631bhp and 442 lb/ft of torque. That means a power-to-weight ratio of 451 bhp per tonne, good for a top speed of 202 mph, and zero to 62mph in 2.9 seconds.

Huracan Evo Spyder
Slotting in as the second entry in Lambo’s modern V-10 stable, the Huracán EVO Spyder is equipped with the same go-stuff as the hardtop, including a naturally aspirated 5.2-liter powerplant, adaptive suspension components, and eye-popping aerodynamics. However, as an added bonus, the Huracán EVO Spyder adds in unlimited headroom, all without compromising the Huracán EVO’s impressive performance capabilities. The soft foldable roof takes 17 seconds to open/close at speeds up to 31 mph and the Evo Spyder five times more downforce than original Huracán Spyder.

Aventador SVJ Roadster
The balance of performance, looks, theater, tech and driving experience has never been better in a Lamborghini supercar. Like other Aventadors, it uses a two-piece removable carbon-fiber hardtop that stores in the front trunk. Lamborghini’s ALA active aero system makes a return as well, reformulated to react better with the altered bodywork. The Roadster weighs just 110 pounds more than the coupe.

Aventador SVJ
The Aventador SVJ is the wildest Lamborghini we have seen in years. It set a new Nürburgring Nordschleife record for production cars, running an incredible 6:44.97 lap time. Its 6.5-liter V12 produces 760 horsepower and 531 lb-ft of torque. A host of upgrades over the base model including less weight to haul around transform the driving experience. One of the greatest road cars I’ve ever driven.
